README.md, before:

# Impostor

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-chat-blue?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Mk3w6Tb)
[![CI](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/actions)

Impostor is the first working **Among Us** private server, written in C#.

As Among Us is actively updated, you may want to use the latest build from the master branch if you want to play on the latest version of Among Us that supported by Impostor.

If you want to play on an older version of Among Us, you can download old releases from [here](https://github.com/Impostor/Impostor/releases/), however these versions are less supported.

## Features

- All Among Us features are implemented. It is a full replacement for the official server.
- Plugin support.
- Server-sided anticheat.

## Installation

### Client

If you just want to play on a server hosted by someone else, you need to configure your client to connect to an Impostor server. Please go to [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor) to set up your client by following the instructions for your OS there.

### Server

See the [docs](docs/Running-the-server.md) for instructions on how to set it up.

## Troubleshooting

See [TROUBLESHOOTING](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) to solve issues with the Impostor client or the server.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This software is distributed under the **GNU GPLv3** License.

## Credits

- [willardf/Hazel-Networking](https://github.com/willardf/Hazel-Networking)

Commit message:

Rename project and enhance README description
Updated project name to 'Next-Impostor' and revised description for clarity.

README.md, after:

# Next-Impostor

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-chat-blue?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/Mk3w6Tb)
[![QQ](https://qq-web.cdn-go.cn/im.qq.com/d6f84f11/assets/logo-pc-fUpXB4tk.svg)](https://qm.qq.com/q/gJ8Zqa3p72)

Next-Impostor is an enhanced private server for **Among Us**, written in C#. Since Among Us is constantly being updated, if you want to play on the latest version supported by Impostor, you may need to use the latest build from the main branch. If you want to play on older versions of Among Us, you can download older versions, but these are less supported.

## Features

- All Among Us features are implemented. It is a full replacement for the official server.
- Plugin support.
- Server-sided anticheat.

## Installation

### Client

If you just want to play on a server hosted by someone else, you need to configure your client to connect to an Impostor server. Please go to [this website](https://impostor.github.io/Impostor) to set up your client by following the instructions for your OS there.

### Server

See the [docs](docs/Running-the-server.md) for instructions on how to set it up.

## Troubleshooting

See [TROUBLESHOOTING](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) to solve issues with the Impostor client or the server.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This software is distributed under the **GNU GPLv3** License.

## Credits

- [willardf/Hazel-Networking](https://github.com/willardf/Hazel-Networking)
